Claude Code is powerful, but when you
combine it with chat GBT 5.5 and Gemini,
you unlock capabilities that don't exist
in Claude Code, drastically increasing
its performance. And in this video, I'll
show you exactly how to add these models
for free and how to use them to create a
far more powerful cla code which solves
its greatest limitation. And if you
don't know who I am, my name is Jack
Roberts. I built and sold my last tech
startup with over 60,000 customers. Now,
I build AI startups and I show you the
stuff that actually works. So, if you
haven't already, go ahead, grab that
coffee and let's dive straight in. So, I
want to talk about the 6,000 gorilla in
the room and that is Claude Codes
performance. People thought they were
ordering Albert Einstein and Forest Gump
turned up at the doorstep. There's been
a full lineage here. I'll let you click
into it if you want to, but the fact is
that Claude Code has recently gotten a
little bit worse. Anthropic pretty much
confirmed as much on the 23rd of April.
So the idea here really and what we're
doing now is combining claude code with
the latest chat GPT model and Gemini to
create something super powerful. So the
idea is that one brain can have one set
of blind spots. Now think about it from
this point of view is that every model
has unique perspectives and unique
capabilities and strengths and when we
combine those strengths we get better
outputs. That's basically the whole
thing of it. So you can think of it here
if you like to that your quality drops
you can get stuck and we get quality
regression over time especially we've
seen that with claude code and so the
idea here is that we have one terminal
in either anti-gravity or claude code
and we leverage three different brands
for three different things I know you're
looking at this chat GBT thinking dude
isn't chat GBTDX that we forgot about
well I'm going to bring it back into
this video and you're going to see how
it actually makes things a lot better so
think about it from this point of view
is that Gemini Chat GBT and Claude have
their own lens okay Now, what does this
unlock? And then I'm going to show you
straight away how you can actually get
them in basically your chord code. Right
now, first of all, let's look at this.
Gemini 2.5 Pro has native video file
input. I can feed it, for example,
YouTube videos, and it can actually tell
me and analyze it frame by frame. These
are capabilities that we don't have on
other models. And we can do this for up
to 2 hours of video content completely
now integrated into cloud code. Then you
have native file input. Again, up to
almost 10 hours of that. You can give
200 plus page PDFs in one go. That is
pretty freaking crazy. Of course, also
has a one million context window. Claw
code itself is the IDE. And then we got
like basically it's performance rate
recalling over a million tokens. And you
can just see how they're all a little
bit different. But the point is they
don't need to all be perfect to one
thing. We can leverage the different
skills and capabilities they have in
various different errors. So if you look
at this for example, how they stack up
against themselves. I've put some data
points here. The TLDDR for us though is
that they have different strengths and
weaknesses that we can leverage in
claude code. Brilliant. So the first
thing we're going to do is go ahead and
install both the codeex the chative D5.5
as well as Gemini. By the way, if you
want to learn more cloud code, I've got
this insanely comprehensive detailed
cloud code masterass coming in the
community this month. So if you want to
know how to build anything, design
systems, compliance, turn money, this
all into dollars, you can click the link
down below and check that out. Cool. So
let's have a quick think about this one
then. So, first thing you need to do is
pretty much you're going to copy this.
Now, we're going to open up and we're
going to need to do this in the
terminal. And this works whether you're
using anti-gravity or pull code app. It
doesn't really make a difference. So,
I'm going to use anti-gravity just to
show what this looks like. And I have a
fresh crisp new environment. I'm just
going to pull up the terminal here.
Little FYI, by the way, you can also do
this in cloud code. For example, if I'm
in the claude app, I can literally click
on this down here. I can click on
terminal and then I can use a terminal.
I just think the UI is a little bit
better in anti-gravity this stuff. So,
I'm going to come to the top, click on
terminal, click on new terminal, and
then I've got this great guy here. I'm
going to bring him up. Have a great
time. And actually, what I'm going to do
is literally enter in that prompt here,
which is mpm install open air codeex. I
already got mine installed, so it's
already there, which is fine. If it's
not, you can go ahead and update it.
Then going to come back over and do the
exact same thing for the Gemini CLI like
so. Come back over here and then throw
that one in. And that will install both
of them onto your computer. Now, we're
going to go ahead and verify that they
exist by entering in this code here. So,
we should get Codex's version to pop up
and tell us what's there. And as you can
see, it's come back into solders. And we
do the exact same thing with Gemini once
again just to verify that it's all
rocking and rolling. And it is literally
as easy as that, which is fantastic.
Now, I've also built for you a skill in
this that's going to use it for you
automatically. So, whether you're
coding, building apps, building
websites, this will automatically go
ahead and leverage Gemini or ChatGpt
based on your specific use cases, which
is crazy. Now, once you've done that,
you want to come down ahead and log in.
So literally you're going to literally
copy Codex login. Come back over here,
enter that into the terminal and it'll
open up a new page. You're going to go
ahead and sign in to your chat GBT
account and it will authorize it and
then you'll be fully connected and you
can use chatg. And then once you've done
that, you can come back over, copy
Gemini and do the exact same thing. For
example, in your terminal, you hit in
Gemini and then you can literally go
ahead and sign in and you just connect
your Gmail account and now we can use
that together. Wonderful. So now we have
those installed onto our computer. The
next thing we need to do is get two
plugins, one for Gemini and one for chat
GBT that will connect it to Claude Code,
which then basically means that we can
access those within any of our Claude
code sessions. So basically what they do
is you have a Codeex plugin and a Gemini
plugin. This one lets you do things like
review. So you could create something
and it will actually review all of your
output. It has adversar review which is
basically like targeted to be like as
critical as possible. Kind of like
playing devil's advocate. You can
basically rescue, you can review. Then
Gemini is really cool because we can
just summon it and do various different
things. Ultimately though, all we're
doing with these two things, these two
GitHub repos right here, this one here
is for the Codeex plugin, which is
really awesome. You can see it's piping
a popping. And then we got the second
one, which is for Gemini package, which
is fantastic. So, all you're going to do
is come back over to the notion
document. You're just going to copy and
paste them in one at a time by clicking
copy. Coming back over to anti-gravity.
And by the way, if this all sounds like
I'm speaking Spanish, you don't. This
means watch this master class right
here. I break down exactly how to use
anti-gravity, but get you fully up to
speed. So again, we just come in, we
enter in the and basically just one by
one, we go ahead and we just add them
all in. And then within anti-gravity,
again, you're just going to open up
Claude one more time by typing in Claude
and then just paste everything in. So
there you go. First one, plug-in
marketplace. It'll add it in. You come
back over, you come down, you copy the
next one. You do the same thing. Come
back over here and just follow that
through step by step again. And then you
repeat that for step three, step four.
And when that's all done, come down and
get reload plugins. Why? Why am I doing
that? Well, basically it's cuz it
refreshes and then you can actually
access it within the environment. So now
that's done. Let's give it an example
test. Okay. So I'm going to say to
Claude something really simple like,
"Hey, what I'd like to do for me is
write for me a 1,00 character guide on
the most effective way to build AI SASS
in 2026." So let's go ahead and actually
show you the capabilities that this
unlocks. So I'm going to go ahead and
open up a new terminal. We're going to
bring up Claudia for example. Now, the
beauty of this is that you're using your
existing chat GPT subscription. So, if
you're on that $20 a month, there is no
additional cost for you doing this. And
I'll show you exactly just how much you
get in a second. But, let's give it a
command. Now, this would work really
well with I mean, this is a random
thing. I'm asking it to write a JBT or
middleware for Express, reads a token
from blah blah blah, verifies it, all
this cool stuff. I'm going to say, "Hey,
do me a favor. Save this for me in a
folder on the left hand side." Cool. So,
it's gone ahead and it's actually
written that for us. Now, all you're
going to say is, "Awesome. I'd like you
to use codeex to review your work. Um,
everything you've just done for me,
plain language. Send that one over there
and send it off." And the cool thing
about this, again, it's no additional
cost. It's just using your existing chat
GBT subscription. Now, there's a lot of
people here who are saying that they're
leaving Claude code entirely and going
over to Codex. Now, personally, I have
noticed a bit of a drop in performance
with Claude. I've asked it to do things
and I've sat there thinking like this is
just not correct. It's just like
absolutely not right. So, Cloud Code has
definitely skipped a beat from like a
month or two ago where it felt kind of
like it was uh magical. Now, what does
that mean? Does that mean that we drop
Cloud Code and run over there? Well,
just like you, I have no allegiance to
any particular model. I just want to use
whatever the best thing is. Now, Claude
is actively working on these things in
the background. I don't think that it's
time right now to just completely never
use Claude code again. But what I do
think is a really huge unlock is
leveraging codeex check GBT 5.5 Gemini
to really uplift and check everything
you're doing include code and if it's at
the point where it's just like a
thousand times better then we simply
move over. So I wanted to call that out
because let's just keep it 100% real.
That's what we want to do here. And just
like that codeex has gone ahead and
found real issues. It's summary of what
it's worth acting on. No JW secret
algorithm. It has given us basically a
high medium and low breakdown of
everything that's happened. So this
literally this is exactly how this
works. You get think about it like this.
Okay, Claude code is the one creating
the actual code and then we can bring in
tag in codec as a reviewer to make sure
that it's not actually hallucinating and
then we can go ahead and try out Gemini
which can actually look at videos. So
for example, here's a video of me. I'll
say a fake news fake news video of me
actually of me just some say this isn't
real. Although I will say this that
bottle does not exist anymore. So let's
say that we've got this video and then
we want to do is get Gemini to analyze
it for us. By the way again no cost.
Well, at all. So, let's open a new
window. Uh, and we'll come ahead and
just do Claude. And I'm going to say
something like, "Hey, that I'd like you
to use Gemini to go ahead and analyze
this video just to ask it to describe
what happens in the video and just give
me a bit of a breakdown. Then save it
for me on the left hand side as video
analysis." Okay. And then I'm going to
give the file save file name is boom.
And just drop that in like that and send
it off into its journey. And just like
that, we've got our feedback. So, a
quick recap of what Gemini saw. A man in
a teal hoodie in cap holding a white
Stanley water bottle in the studio.
large green gold clock pro mic over four
seconds. He crushes the bottle
bare-handed and he ends it with a dead
pan look at at the crumpled result. No
dialogue, no music, no on-creen text,
just ambient crushing sounds, comedic
anticlimatic vibe production test style.
So why is this cool? Well, now it means
that we can just leverage Gemini to
analyze videos. So maybe you think about
these long audio files, huge PDFs that
are going to be so difficult to do and
claude, we can bring in and tag in
Gemini now to solve those things for us.
Now, tagging these models in is one
thing, but in reality, when we're
drinking our beautiful coffees and we're
having a good time, we want Claude to
tag in the best model for the job
without us even thinking about it. And
we can do that using a skill that I made
that'll be available for you down below
completely for free. We tag it in and
then we can literally accelerate the
performance of Claude Code. Now, before
we download this skill, I just want to
give you a full touch on what this
actually costs. So, in Claude, if we're
using Claude Code, we've got our either
$20 a month subscription or our $200
subscription. The chat GPT is fantastic,
by the way, because that's only 20
bucks. But what that gives you
practically is around 50 GPT 5.5
messages every three hours. I think
that's super reasonable. On the pro
tier, it's effectively unlimited GBT 5.5
on the pro mode. Uh codec author gets
the same sub, so no extra per token
cost. You don't have to use any of your
API keys. Plus is enough for daily code
reviews and rescue calls. Pro is for
full days of background agent work. So
you can sign up based on your use case
there. And then we've got Gemini. So you
get 1,500 flash requests a day. That's
for quick text and image jobs. You get
50 pro requests a day. So these are your
big video, your audios, your uh big
PDFs. For most people watching, that's
going to be absolutely fine. You're not
going to need to upgrade. You can just
literally keep it at $0%. Then each
request is one full prompt. Could be
two-hour video or a 200page PDF.
Incredibly generous from a Gemini team.
I think that absolutely crushes it. I
honestly this setup is so freaking sick.
I don't know why more people aren't
using it right now. So, what's our
strategy? Well, our strategy is to
combine them together into one really
cool thing into the same bill, which is
really freaking cool. So, don't take my
word for it. You can run the math. I'll
let you look at the numbers. It's super
duper cool. But what we're going to do
now is actually bring these together
with the skull to show you just how
powerful it is. And this is what I call
the three brain auto router skill. So,
idea is it's one prompt, three brains,
and it brings out the right one for the
job. If it's video, audio PDF, we're
going to use Gemini. If it's build the
refactoring claude, and then GPT is the
review. And remember, GPT just sits
there looking at the code, making sure
it's perfect. Now, to do this, just
click the link down below in the
description. You're going to come down
and you're going to go ahead and grab
this three brain skill. You're going to
grab it like so, and you're going to
download that either with an
anti-gravity or claude or your
integrated development environment of
choice. Just fancy word of saying where
we do the coding. Just go ahead and drop
that in there. So, I've dropped in my
three brain skill, which is very, very
cool. It's got loads of interesting
details. They're going to say the below
which is, "Hey there, I've just added in
a threebrain skill MD. Familiarize
yourself with this and add it to your
skills." And just like that, it's got
everything. And I've just zoomed in just
so you can get a good full look of what
it's done. So here's the summary of this
gun. So you got Claude, which is him,
the building driver, the IDE harness
always in front. Codex is the reviewer,
the second brain, and the rescue. Then
Gemini is the eyes and the long contact.
So key rules that I've internalized, no
self-re law. So here's the big problem
with Claude is that when it gets
something wrong, it doesn't recognize
that it's actually getting it wrong. So
you can sit there and it's stuck in like
a roundabout loop of keeps it
overthinks. So what we do with this is
add in a hard stop rule. That basically
means if it's failed to solve it once,
we're going to tag in just like a WW
rest in the match. We're going to tag in
somebody else to come and save the day.
That's when GPT enters a situation.
Failure detection. Again, if I fill the
simulation twice in this case, I must
hand off the codeex review
automatically. Risk path detection, edit
touches. We got Gemini roots for video,
audio, PDFs, parallel consensus. When
you say ask all three, all models answer
the same question in structured format
and he differs out the results and then
output filing and stay asleep rules.
Cool. So, let's actually put this to the
test in one particular thing. So, I'm
going to give it a really cool product.
Hey, there in my downloads is a video
from Alexi. I want you to analyze the
entire video. I want you to tell me any
of the text that appears in the video
because the audio is one thing. So, I
want to get the transcript, but then I
also want the visual overlay. I want to
take both of those components and I want
to take that and create a beautiful HTML
document uh that I can look through and
learn from interactively, combining both
what's said and what is seen visually.
And when that's all done, I just want to
make sure that Codeex reviews that to
make sure there's no mistakes, that it's
uh accurate and completely on brief.
Thank you. Beautiful. And then we send
them one off and let it work its magic.
And guys, look at this. It's running
both tools. Codeca, the Gemini CLA. Now,
let me set up the output directory and
start the Gemini pre-processing
pipeline. Preparing the video and
extracting audio for the transcript. The
video is 8 minutes and 55 seconds. Since
it's under 10 minutes, I'll send the
full video to Gemini, but downscale it
to 720 pixels to stay within limits.
Freaking cool. Now, it's extracted the
audio. It's doing full all this sort of
stuff for us, and we can send that one
off. And just so you know what the video
looks like, this one's Alex. I saw Alex
last week in LA for the school games
which we won which is really cool. He is
uh pipping and popping hitting the gym
and doing various different things. So
cool. We get a visual overview cuz you
know it's like you think about it like
this right? Maybe you're looking at
various different videos. There's a
bazillion use cases for this but the
idea is like you not you would never get
this on any regular analysis and it's
there for you when you need it or if
you've got like a huge PDF for a client
like massive contract review. We can't
realistically just depend on Claude Opus
4.7, right? We want to tag in the right
experts that actually make sense at the
right times. Now, as you can see, guys,
this is all coming quite nicely. Look,
it's got a visual analysis. Wide shot of
Alexi seated at a wooden desk. The
background consists of three black
vertical panels separated by white light
strips. And guys, think about this. If
you want to grow on Instagram, you want
to grow on Tik Tok, what you say is one
thing, but the visual aspect is
something completely different. So maybe
I want to reverse engineer why certain
people are going viral. Well, I would
100 bazillion gazillion%, that's a real
number, use this because I can do a
visual breakdown and I can do a
transcript breakdown. If you just look
at the words, you're leaving almost all
the well, not all the value, but you're
leaving quite a lot of value on the
table. This lets us do all this. It's
now going ahead and build the HTML
document. Then we can see exactly what
we're dealing with. And then guys, we've
got this full video analysis that has
almost line by line and then a visual
overlay. Look at this wide shot of Alexi
a wooden desk. Two books, one that says
$100 million leads, one that says $100
million offers. Have you noticed, by the
way, a trend of those appearing in
YouTube videos? I think I actually spoke
to him last week. I was like, "Dude, did
you know people put your books at the
back of their videos? Was so freaking
funny." But look at this. You got all
this different stuff here. You got
visual over overlays. Oh my gosh, it'd
be great if I could talk today. All this
cool stuff. And when there's something
that changes, a large sheet of white
paper covers the desk. On the left hand
side, a handwritten blue mark status,
power, credibility. wouldn't pay a
single dollar bill for any of this
visual overlay analysis that just went
all the way through Gemini. We didn't
have to do anything. That was called
automatically, which is awesome. Then
guys, you can keep on scrolling down
here in the bottom, we get nice codeex
reviews of findings. But again, Codeex
is best place reviewing code, which is
really incredible doing like I showed
you earlier. But this whole thing came
together with literally one prompt. And
in addition to that guys, I can also
give him a prompt like this that just
says, "Hey, I want you to use three
different models. Tryd 5.5, Claude, and
Gemini. debate. What is the best social
media platform to start a business off
in 2026? Now, I can pull in these models
for thinking questions. Obviously,
Claude can create sub aents to debate
things, which honestly is one of the
most underrated hacks that you can do.
Literally, in claude code, you can say
something like, "Hey, look, I want you
to debate these things. Create five sub
agents. Five is about the quality
threshold maximum after which for some
reason there's just some diminishing
returns principle. I think it's to do
with the main claent's ability to dip
and dive. But here we can bring in these
different models to essentially debate
different things for us to give us a
better response. And then just like that
we get the different perspectives at the
bottom. They they debated and then we
get the verdict which is YouTube winning
long-term a platform where content
compounds like an asset combining search
discovery and audience ownership. This
drastically improves Claude's
performance. But to get the most out of
Claude, you need to know how to build
super skills properly, which we're going
to learn by watching this video right